this is the dead wood stove it's a
biomass stove fueled with twigs sticks
pine cones essentially whatever you can
put into it its height this 21.5 inches
which makes it a good height for cooking
so I'm gonna fire this thing up and
let's see how it works I'm going to look
for fuel on this pine forest floor I see
some sticks and pine cones and such and
I'm gonna grab a handful to fuel with
stove so this is what I came up with
this wood is still kind of damp it
rained pretty well last night here in
Central Oregon so I'm going to pick up
some pine cones and a few more items and
we'll see if we can get this stove to
run on the back of the stove is this
slot you can stick a lighted match
through there and get your tinder going
then all you have to do is put the
biomass in on top of it I'm going to
light the stove with a cotton ball in
Vaseline and a Ferro rod lights nicely
I'm gonna drop this in here
this is not the best firewood by any
stretch of the imagination I'm gonna
flip the grill over let's put some water
on to boil in the meantime I'm going to
continue feeding the stove from the
front we're about two minutes into this
process and the water is already heating
up this stove would really come into its
own if it had some good firewood but you
can't always guarantee that so we did
the best we could with what we had to
work with and it did very very well so
this is the dead wood stove I think it's
a good product this one's going with me
next time I go camping again it could be
a good consideration for your camping
gear this is survival common sense comm
thanks for watching